# 10/10/2018

**DESIGN**
<br>
<br>
_Tyler_
<br>
Today I was on a team with Brennan and James our task today was to design the linear slide to lift up the robot off the grown. We did not have any trouble building it the only problems we had was we did not have the right gear and the rope to put on it. So at the moment  there is a prototype on the robot. When we order the right pieces we will replace the gear we have on there now. We also did not have the parts to make the linear slide part we just put together the motor and the gear and is on the robot now. So overall today we finished our task 

_Jacob_<br>
Today I worked with Ewan on several projects. We started with building the mounts for the color sensors. We decided to do a system with two sensors so we can read two minerals at once, this way we can easily determine where the gold is. Once we found the parts we needed it was fairly simple to put together. We don’t have the sensors yet so we have to wait to mount the mounts to the robot. After this we made a blueprint to show what we had done and moved to the next project. The next project was working on the attachment for grabbing the minerals from the crater. We don’t have enough time for a vacuum which would be preferable, so we went with a simple scoop.

<br>

**PROGRAMMING**
<br>
<br>
_Roen_
I started by downloading the Robot Control software that we had from last week. Then, I consulted YouTube for some more help. They said that you have to connect the phones through Wi-Fi direct, so I did that but it didn’t work, and the app on one of the phones kept crashing. After Googling for solutions to this problem for about 20-30 minutes, I found that you put separate apps on each phone, not the same app on both phones. We downloaded the Driver Station app from Google Play on to the phone, and they linked without issue.

I worked with Mr. Sullivan and we set up the expansion hub and motor, to do some testing. I was surprised at how much code was required to do such a seemingly simple task, such as running a servo for 5 seconds. First, we had to declare to the Robot Controller which motor we were trying to turn on, and what portal to find it on the expansion hub. We kept getting an error message saying that it couldn’t find the ```DcMotor``` named ```left_drive```. We tried to change the name for the Expansion Hub from ```Expansion Hub Portal 1``` to ```left_drive``` (what it was referenced in the code ```PushbotAutoDriveByEncoder_Linear.java```) but it was throwing the same error. In the end, we had to click on the menu under Expansion Hub Portal 1, then configure the motor’s attributes manually. (It was not automatically detected using the built-in scan feature) 

Then, we got another error message ```User code threw an uncaught exception: MissingFormatArgumentException - Format specifier: 7d```. This was straight from the sample code, modified for our motor names and information. What we had to do was comment out all of the telemetry reporting information, since something was going wrong with setting the variable that is shown when telemetry information is printed to the base station. Eventually, this will have to be fixed but it isn’t the greatest of our worries.

<br>

**BUILD**
<br>
<br>
_Ainsley_<br>
Today I built the piece that allows me to mount the motor that will be turning the chain drive. I had a vertical piece of aluminum and a counter piece with an angle cut. To attach it to the body of the robot. And then we went to fix the pieces that are in the middle of the robot bracing it and making it more sturdy. So we took the angle brackets off and put a screw in the middle so it will slide on and off easily, but we neglected to put new angle brackets on to make it sturdier. So next time we need to finish attaching the mounting system for the motors and we need to add angle brackets. 
<br>
_Calvin_<br>
Me and Ainsley and to some degree James worked on the chassis. We mounted the motor and fixed it to a 45 degree bar that was connected to the back of the of the chassis. We then spent a lot of time sawing and filing down metal bars used to build reinforcements. We attached the smaller bars to the back of the robot. We then took the robot apart due to the fact that we did not attach the screws to end of the bars running across the chassis. We then reassembled the chassis. We got a lot done but we still have a lot of stuff to do.
