# 10/17/2018

**BUILD**
<br>
<br>
_Jacob_<br>
Today Ewan and I continued to work on the color sensors. There was a miscommunication about the spacing so we disassembled our previous prototype and re-measured. Once we had the correct measurements we assembled the mounts again and mounted them correctly. They should now be able to read two objects at once to determine where the gold mineral is. After that I began brainstorming the design for a scoring attachment. The current plan is to use a lift system similar to that of a bobcat/skid steer, with a vacuum of sorts on the end. We are going to have to cut some parts or order some to build the mount for the lift. I also helped people with various small problems.
<br>
<br>
_Calvin_<br>
Once again, I worked with Ainsley on the chassis. I spent the beginning part of the meeting trying to find a 45 degree brackets that had been used for an example. Next we tried to mount the hub & Battery. We had some problems with mounting the battery, specifically we didn’t have a design for the battery. So I made the design. We found the brackets for the battery & hub. Then we attached the hub and battery in their designed locations on the robot. We then started thinking about where other things might do. Ainsley also attached the phone. We should be able to test the robot on Saturday.
<br>
<br>
_Ainsley_<br>
Today I worked on attaching the hub and the battery. I designed the attachment for the hub but then realized that I could use the batter holder to mount the hub. However the special screws for the hub weren’t long enough to allow the bracket that was bracing the cross beams so I had to use some ridiculously long ones. So calvin and I got the hub mounted with much difficulty. We then worked on getting the battery mounted and we used elastic and a battery plate to mount it next to the hub. After that we moved onto the phones. So, I made a holder for the phone and mounted it above the triangle structure. We also went and realigned the chain drive so its straight instead of angled like it was.
