# 10/6/2018
<br>
<br>

**DESIGN**

Brennan and I worked on the design of our arm to lift to and drop our robot from the platform. We looked up many ways to do this. First we looked at a cascading lift and decided that the continuous lift with a hook would be better. We designed it to have two anchor pieces and have the middle piece be lifted up by using a chain and a motor with a gear, this would be attached to the middle bar going from front to back on the chassis. After designing the arm, we had a bit of a break to listen to music and eat some chips. Then we got to figuring out how we will set up the gear and the motor on the metal piece to hold it up. We decided to use and axel through them both. We still need to figure out the side supports. We were also not able to start on the actual building.

<br>

**PROGRAMMING**

I worked on setting up the development environment (Android Studio) on my laptop. We followed the instructions listed on the FTC project’s GitHub page to download and setup the FTC development environment in Android Studio. The documentation instructed us to move to our Robotics directory (/Users/roen/Desktop/Files/Robotics/) and run the command ```git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/ftctechnh/ftc_app.git``` in the Terminal. This command succeeded and a directory called ```ftc_app``` appeared in the Robotics folder.

We made a few small changes to the program, mostly fixing compiler errors and experimenting with Gradle. Once we got to a working version, I tried to push to GitHub but it always said ```! [remote rejected] lcs -> master (shallow update not allowed)```. We researched the issue, and found a StackOverflow question about it. The problem was that we were trying to push what was once a repository with a lot of commits/history into a new repository with no history. This was a security measure to ensure that you do not accidentally overwrite commit history and erase crucial parts of your project. This was solved by re-cloning our repository without the depth flag.

Lastly, I set up one of our team’s Moto G4 Play phones. I followed a tutorial on YouTube that detailed the guidelines of phone setup for use with FTC and taught you how to set up the phone, including setting the Wi-Fi group name to something like ```TeamID-F-RC```. Next meeting, I would like to set up the other phone and link them. I’m not sure if it’s easy, but I’d also like to start writing some code and experiment with servo motors. Some time in the next week, I’ll upload all of our sketches and other related documents that are on the team Facebook page to the GitHub organization’s Engineering Notebook repository, so everyone can access and modify the files easily.

<br>

**BUILD**
<br>
<br>
_Ainsley_
<br>
I worked with Calvin today to build the chassis of the robot. We started off measuring the dimensions of the aluminum. The design that Jacob had drawn out would’ve been hard to make because the bars were all 16 ½ inches long, so we couldn’t logically make them 18 inches long without wasting pieces and making it weigh a lot more than it needs to. So, we cut the pieces for the width down to 14 in and left the other two the way they were. So that when we put the pieces together it was 16 ½ by 15. Calvin and I then cut the pieces down to the proper dimensions. We then got the nuts and bolts out and screwed brackets into the aluminum and made a rectangle. However when we went to cut more aluminum for the reinforcements in the center we discovered that we couldn’t get the screws for the reinforcements in so we undid two corners and put the reinforcements in. While Calvin did that I got the pieces to mount the motors to the chassis and had them on sideways. We took the mounts back off and then decided to get started on the chain first. So we fastened the sprocket to the motor and I cut the axle for the other sprocket and the wheels. I then helped everyone clean up the pieces and that I need to be more organized. Then after everyone left i continued working and attached the sprocket and the wheels and the axle for one side, but its slightly over 18 inches so we have to change the design for the back wheels slightly. 
<br>
<br>
_Calvin_
<br>
I worked Ainsley to build the chassis of the robot. We started by selecting the appropriate parts. The we measured the parts and cut them down to the appropriate size. (see previous paragraph for details). We attached the bracket to bars and the realized that we couldn’t attach the middle beams. So we disassembled the frame and rebuilt the frame with the middle beams on it. After the completion of the frame we attached the motor brackets which took several attempts to attach it to the frame. After the completion of the frame we attached the motors to the brackets. Then we cleaned up. Overall we could have done more but we got a lot done. 

